1. What layout issues did you find?
--> Inspecting the page using devtools, I saw that .container and .main were using display:block property of css.
    which is making the sidebar and main content on the top of each other instead of aligning side by side.
    And also cards didn't have wrapping or gap so they were squishing and overlapping instead of wrapping, also there is no responsive design for smaller screens.


2. How did you fix them?
--> Removed all the inline css and used flexbox as given in Instructions.md file.
    Put display:flex and flex:1 property on the main dashboard container so the sidebar and content align next to each other.
    For header used justify-content: space-between property.
    For Cards added flex-wrap:wrap property so the cards will wrap perfectly and add 20px gap between them.
    For Smaller screns added media query with max-width:768px in this changes the flex-direction to column so the content on the viewport stack properly without making UX bad on smaller screens.
    Added top border line so that nav bar looks beeter for smaller screens.


3. What was the JavaScript bug?
--> When Load data button clicked it printed undefined 10 times instead actual data (user names). 
    Checked the network tab and saw that api call is working fine, so the issue was in rendering logic.
    Scoping and closure big inside the for loop.


4. Why did it happen?
--> The for loop was using var i which is function scoped.As we know setTimeout takes 1 sec, the loop finished its calculation and the i became 10 so when setTimeout function tried to access data[10] which doesn't exist and it gives undefined.


5. What improvements did you make?
--> To fix the bug:
    Changes var i to let i as let is block-scoped.
    Improved the DOM rendering by using html string which add all the data in the loop and update the DOM only once in the end instead of using innerHTML += inside the loop which updates the DOM 10 times.
    Also added loading state, disabled the button while fetching the data so user can't hit button multiple times.
    Put a catch block to show the error message on the screen to user if api fails.